README.markdown, before:

# vinegar.vim

> Split windows and the project drawer go together like oil and vinegar. I
> don't mean to say that you can combine them to create a delicious salad
> dressing. I mean that they don't mix well!
> - Drew Neil

You know what netrw is, right?  The built in directory browser?  Well,
vinegar.vim enhances netrw, partially in an attempt to mitigate the need for
more disruptive ["project drawer"][Oil and vinegar] style plugins.

[Oil and vinegar]: http://vimcasts.org/blog/2013/01/oil-and-vinegar-split-windows-and-project-drawer/

Some of the behaviors added by vinegar.vim would make excellent upstream
additions.  Many, the author would probably reject.  Others are a bit too wild
to even consider.

* Press `-` in any buffer to hop up to the directory listing and seek to the
  file you just came from.  Keep bouncing to go up, up, up.  Having rapid
  directory access available changes everything.
* All that annoying crap at the top is turned off, leaving you with nothing
  but a list of files.  This is surprisingly disorienting, but ultimately
  very liberating.  Press `I` to toggle until you adapt.
* The oddly C-biased default sort order is replaced with a sensible application
  of `'suffixes'`.
* File hiding: files are not listed that match with one of the patterns in
  `'wildignore'`.  
  If you put `let g:netrw_list_hide = '\(^\|\s\s\)\zs\.\S\+'`
  in your vimrc, vinegar will initialize with dot files hidden.
  Press `gh` to toggle dot file hiding.
* Press `.` on a file to pre-populate it at the end of a `:` command line.
  This is great, for example, to quickly initiate a `:grep` of the file or
  directory under the cursor.  There's also `!`, which starts the line off
  with a bang.  Type `!chmod +x` and get `:!chmod +x path/to/file`.
* Press `cg` or `cl` to `:cd` or `:lcd` to the currently edited directory.
* Press `~` to go home.

## Installation

If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend
installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and
then simply copy and paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone git://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar.git

## License

Copyright © Tim Pope.  Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.

Commit message:

Solves the issue of a netrw buffer lying unlisted.

README.markdown, after:

# vinegar.vim

_This fork solves the [issue](https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar/issues/74) of
an unlisted netrw buffer lying around. Courtesy: [this
comment](https://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar/issues/74#issuecomment-270701053)_

> Split windows and the project drawer go together like oil and vinegar. I
> don't mean to say that you can combine them to create a delicious salad
> dressing. I mean that they don't mix well!
> - Drew Neil

You know what netrw is, right?  The built in directory browser?  Well,
vinegar.vim enhances netrw, partially in an attempt to mitigate the need for
more disruptive ["project drawer"][Oil and vinegar] style plugins.

[Oil and vinegar]: http://vimcasts.org/blog/2013/01/oil-and-vinegar-split-windows-and-project-drawer/

Some of the behaviors added by vinegar.vim would make excellent upstream
additions.  Many, the author would probably reject.  Others are a bit too wild
to even consider.

* Press `-` in any buffer to hop up to the directory listing and seek to the
  file you just came from.  Keep bouncing to go up, up, up.  Having rapid
  directory access available changes everything.
* All that annoying crap at the top is turned off, leaving you with nothing
  but a list of files.  This is surprisingly disorienting, but ultimately
  very liberating.  Press `I` to toggle until you adapt.
* The oddly C-biased default sort order is replaced with a sensible application
  of `'suffixes'`.
* File hiding: files are not listed that match with one of the patterns in
  `'wildignore'`.  
  If you put `let g:netrw_list_hide = '\(^\|\s\s\)\zs\.\S\+'`
  in your vimrc, vinegar will initialize with dot files hidden.
  Press `gh` to toggle dot file hiding.
* Press `.` on a file to pre-populate it at the end of a `:` command line.
  This is great, for example, to quickly initiate a `:grep` of the file or
  directory under the cursor.  There's also `!`, which starts the line off
  with a bang.  Type `!chmod +x` and get `:!chmod +x path/to/file`.
* Press `cg` or `cl` to `:cd` or `:lcd` to the currently edited directory.
* Press `~` to go home.

## Installation

If you don't have a preferred installation method, I recommend
installing [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen), and
then simply copy and paste:

    cd ~/.vim/bundle
    git clone git://github.com/tpope/vim-vinegar.git

## License

Copyright © Tim Pope.  Distributed under the same terms as Vim itself.
See `:help license`.
